Adam's comments (#9)
lamps-wg/cms-ml-dsa: draft-ietf-lamps-cms-ml-dsa.md

: Per {{Section 5.3 of RFC5652}}, the digestAlgorithm field identifies the message digest algorithm used by the signer, and any associated parameters.
To ensure collision resistance, the identified message digest algorithm SHOULD produce a hash value of a size that is at least twice the collision strength of the internal commitment hash used by ML-DSA.

> SHA-512 {{FIPS180}} MUST be supported for use with the variants of SLH-DSA in this document; however, other hash functions MAY also be supported.  When SHA-512 is used, the id-sha512 {{!RFC5754}} digest algorithm identifier is used and the parameters field MUST be omitted.  When signing using ML-DSA without including signed attributes, the algorithm specified in the digestAlgorithm field is not used, nonetheless it SHOULD be set to the value which would otherwise have been used if signed attributes were present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SHA-512 {{FIPS180}} MUST be supported for use with the variants of SLH-DSA in this document; however, other hash functions MAY also be supported.  When SHA-512 is used, the id-sha512 {{!RFC5754}} digest algorithm identifier is used and the parameters field MUST be omitted. When signing using ML-DSA without including signed attributes, the algorithm specified in the digestAlgorithm field has no meaning, as ML-DSA computes signatures over entire messages rather than externally computed digests. Nonetheless, it SHOULD specify a digest algorithm that otherwise would have been used if signed attributes were present, such as SHA-512. When processing a SignerInfo signed using ML-DSA, if no signed attributes are present, implementatons MUST ignore the content of the digestAlgorithm field.
```
